cd alternate
scrapy crawl alt_cpu
scrapy crawl alt_case
scrapy crawl alt_drive
scrapy crawl alt_gfx
scrapy crawl alt_hd
scrapy crawl alt_mb
scrapy crawl alt_nwcard
scrapy crawl alt_psu
scrapy crawl alt_ram
scrapy crawl alt_soundcard
scrapy crawl alt_ssd

cd ..

cd Informatique
scrapy crawl inf_case
scrapy crawl inf_cpu
scrapy crawl inf_drive
scrapy crawl inf_gfx
scrapy crawl inf_mb
scrapy crawl inf_opslag
scrapy crawl inf_psu
scrapy crawl inf_ram
scrapy crawl inf_soundcard
scrapy crawl inf_ssd

cd ..

cd Hardware
scrapy crawl hw_case
scrapy crawl hw_cpu
scrapy crawl hw_cpukoel
scrapy crawl hw_drive
scrapy crawl hw_gfx
scrapy crawl hw_mb
scrapy crawl hw_opslag
scrapy crawl hw_psu
scrapy crawl hw_ram
scrapy crawl hw_ssd
